Internet of Things/Embedded computers
Internet of Things (IoT) refers to embedded computers that are connected to the Internet, typically wirelessly.

Personal Mobile Device
Personal Mobile Device (PMD) is the term we apply to a collection of wireless devices with multimedia user interfaces.

Desktop Computing
Desktop Computing also know as Personal Computer

Server
Server must run long days, and it is scalability.

Cluster/Warehose-Scale Computers
Cluster are collections of desktop computers or servers connected by local area networks to act as a single larger computer.
WSCs are the largest of the clusters, in that they are designed so that tens of thousands of servers can act as one.

Application parallelism
1. Data-level parallelism(DLP) arises becase there are many data items that can be operated on at the same time.
2. Task-level parallelism(TLP) arises becase tasks of work are created that can operate independently and largely in parallel.

Computer hardware have four parallelism ways
1. Instruction-level parallelism exploits data-level parallelism at modest levels with compiler help using ideas like pipelining and at medium levels using ideas like speculative execution.
2. Vector architectures, graphic processor units (GPUs), and multimedia instruction sets exploit data-level parallelism by applying a single instruction between parallel threads.
3. Thread-level parallelism exploits either data-level parallelism or task-level parallelism in a tightly coupled hardware model that allows for interaction between parallel threads.
4. Request-level parallelism exploits parallelism among largely decoupled tasks specified by the programmer or the operating system.


organization
organization includs the high-level aspects of a computer's design, such as the memory system, the memory inerconnect, and the designof the internal processor our CPU (central processor unit--where arithmetic, logic, branching, and data transfer are implemented).

microarchitecture
microarchitecture is also used instead of organization.
